Updating README file's dev env setup. (#63)
demisto/demisto-sdk: README.md

## Dev Environment Setup
We build for python 3.7 and 3.8. We use [tox](https://github.com/tox-dev/tox) for managing environments and running unit tests.

> 1) Clone the Demisto-SDK repository to your existing Demisto directory. It is recommended to use SSH when cloning.

Author: done

2) Run:
     ```
     pip install demisto-sdk.

>      ```

Reviewer: This is not required for development.

Author: done

## Dev Environment Setup
We build for python 3.7 and 3.8. We use [tox](https://github.com/tox-dev/tox) for managing environments and running unit tests.

1) Clone the Demisto-SDK repository (Make sure that you have GitHub account):\
`git clone https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk`

2) **If you are using a default python version 3.7 or 3.8 you can skip this part.**

    [pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv) is an easy tool to control the versions of python on your environment.
[Install pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv#installation) and then run:
    ```
    pyenv install 3.7.5
    pyenv install 3.8.0
    ```

>     After installing run in `~/dev/demisto/demisto-sdk`:

Reviewer: Are we assuming everyone's going to have this directory?

>     After installing run in `~/dev/demisto/demisto-sdk`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    After installing run in `{path_to_demisto-sdk}/demisto-sdk`:
```

Author: done

    ```

>     cd ~/dev/demisto/demisto-sdk

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    cd {path_to_demisto-sdk}demisto-sdk
```

Author: done

    ```

    If not, simply run the following command from the Demisto-SDK repository:
    ```
    pyenv local 3.7.5 3.8.0
    ```

3) Using the terminal go to the Demisto-SDK repository - we will set up the development environment there.

4) Install `tox`:
    ```
    pip install tox
    ```
    Then setup dev virtual envs for python 3 (will also install all necessary requirements):
    ```
    tox
    ```
5) Set your IDE to use the virtual environment you created using the following path:
`/{path_to_demisto-sdk}/demisto-sdk/.tox/py37/bin/python`

### How to run commands in your development environment
In the Demisto-SDK repository while on the git branch you want to activate and run this command to use python 3.7:
 ```
 source .tox/py37/bin/activate
  ```
  or this command to use python 3.8:
   ```
 source .tox/py38/bin/activate
 ```
While in the virtual environment, you can use the ```demisto-sdk``` commands with all the changes made in your local environment.

In case your local changes to `demisto-sdk` are not updated, you need to update your `tox` environment
by running this command from the Demisto-SDK repository:

> ```angular2

Reviewer: angular2?
